refine cupsatial demo to make it more clear for customers (#187)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples: examples/UDF-Examples/Spark-cuSpatial/README.md

> interface to call the cuSpatial functions through JNI. It can be run on a distributed Spark cluster with scalability.

Reviewer: We don't have CI nightly job to run cuSpatial notebooks, suppose we need to add them to the examples nightly CI.

Author: yes, I will list a file about where and how to get the input datasets after this pr #191 merged.

[nyct2000 dataset](https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/2000-Census-Tracts/ysjj-vb9j) and 
[nycd Community-Districts dataset](https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/Community-Districts/yfnk-k7r4)

| Environment | Taxi_zones (263 Polygons) | Nyct2000 (2216 Polygons) | Nycd Community-Districts (71 Complex Polygons)|
| ----------- | :---------: | :---------: | :---------: |
| 4-core CPU | 3.9 minutes | 4.0 minutes| 4.1 minutes |
| 1 GPU(T4) on Databricks | 25 seconds | 27 seconds | 28 seconds|
| 2 GPU(T4) on Databricks | 15 seconds | 14 seconds | 17 seconds |
| 4 GPU(T4) on Databricks | 11 seconds | 11 seconds | 12 seconds |

Note: Please update the `x,y` column names to `Start_Lon,Start_Lat` in
the [notebook](./notebooks/cuspatial_sample_db.ipynb) if you test with the download points.

taxi-zones map:

<img src="../../../docs/img/guides/cuspatial/taxi-zones.png" width="600">

nyct2000 map:

<img src="../../../docs/img/guides/cuspatial/Nyct2000.png" width="600">

nyct-community-districts map:

<img src="../../../docs/img/guides/cuspatial/Nycd-Community-Districts.png" width="600">

## Build

> First you need to build the UDF Jar file from source code before running this demo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Firstly build the UDF JAR from source code before running this demo.
```

> You can do it [in Docker](#build-in-docker) with the provided [Dockerfile](Dockerfile).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can build the JAR [in Docker](#build-in-docker) with the provided [Dockerfile](Dockerfile), 
```

> or you can build it [in local](#build-in-local) machine after some prerequisites.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or [in local machine](#build-in-local-machine) after prerequisites.
```

     docker build -f Dockerfile . -t build-spark-cuspatial
     docker run -it build-spark-cuspatial bash
     ```
2. Get the code, then run `mvn package`.
     ```Bash
     git clone https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples.git
     cd spark-rapids-examples/examples/UDF-Examples/Spark-cuSpatial/
     mvn package
     ```
3. You'll get the jar named `spark-cuspatial-<version>.jar` in the target folder.

Note: The docker env is just for building the jar, not for running the application.

> ### Build in Local:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Build in local machine:
```

> 1. essential build tools:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Essential build tools:
```

4. [cuspatial](https://github.com/rapidsai/cuspatial): install libcuspatial
    ```Bash

>     # get libcuspatial from conda

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Install libcuspatial from conda
```

    conda install -c rapidsai -c nvidia -c conda-forge  -c defaults libcuspatial=22.06
    # or below command for the nightly (aka SNAPSHOT) version.
    conda install -c rapidsai-nightly -c nvidia -c conda-forge  -c defaults libcuspatial=22.08
    ```

> 5. Get the code, then run `mvn package`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Build the JAR using `mvn package`.
```

     ```Bash
     git clone https://github.com/NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples.git
     cd spark-rapids-examples/examples/Spark-cuSpatial/
     mvn package
     ```

> 6. You'll get `spark-cuspatial-<version>.jar` in the target folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. `spark-cuspatial-<version>.jar` will be generated in the target folder.
```

## Run
### GPU Demo Run on-premises clusters: standalone
1. Install necessary libraries. Besides `cudf` and `cuspatial`, the `gdal` library that is compatible with the installed `cuspatial` may also be needed.

>     Install it by running the command below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 3. Download spark-rapids jars

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Download Spark RAPIDS JAR
```

>    * [spark-rapids v22.06.0](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/22.06.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.06.0.jar) or above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * [Spark RAPIDS JAR v22.06.0](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/22.06.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-22.06.0.jar) or above
```

> 4. Prepare the dataset & jars. Copy the sample dataset from [cuspatial_data](../../../datasets/cuspatial_data.tar.gz) to `/data/cuspatial_data`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Prepare sample dataset and JARs. Copy the [sample dataset](../../../datasets/cuspatial_data.tar.gz) to `/data/cuspatial_data/`.
```

>     Copy spark-rapids & `spark-cuspatial-<version>.jar` to `/data/cuspatial_data/jars`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Copy Spark RAPIDS JAR and `spark-cuspatial-<version>.jar` to `/data/cuspatial_data/jars/`.
```

>     If you build the `spark-cuspatial-22.08.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` in docker, please copy the jar from docker to local:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    If you build the `spark-cuspatial-<version>.jar` in docker, please copy the jar from docker to local:
```

    ```

>     docker cp your-instance:/root/spark-rapids-examples/examples/UDF-Examples/Spark-cuSpatial/target/spark-cuspatial-22.08.0-SNAPSHOT.jar ./your-local-path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    docker cp YOUR_DOCKER_CONTAINER:/PATH/TO/spark-cuspatial-<version>.jar ./YOUR_LOCAL_PATH
```

    ```

>     You can use your own path, but remember to update the paths in `gpu-run.sh` accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Note: update the paths in `gpu-run.sh` accordingly.
```

5. Run `gpu-run.sh`
    ```Bash
    ./gpu-run.sh
    ```

> ### GPU Demo Run on AWS Databricks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### GPU Demo on AWS Databricks
```

2. Follow the [Spark-rapids get-started document](https://nvidia.github.io/spark-rapids/docs/get-started/getting-started-databricks.html#start-a-databricks-cluster) to create a GPU cluster on AWS Databricks.

>  Something different from the document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Below are some different steps since a custom docker image is used with Databricks:
```

    * Databricks Runtime Version

>   You should choose a Standard version of the Runtime version like `Runtime: 9.1 LTS(Scala 2.12, Spark 3.1.2)` and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Choose a non-ML Databricks Runtime such as `Runtime: 9.1 LTS(Scala 2.12, Spark 3.1.2)` and
```

>   choose GPU instance type like `g4dn.xlarge`. Note that ML runtime does not support customized docker container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  choose GPU AWS instance type such as `g4dn.xlarge`. Note that ML runtime does not support customized docker container with below messages:
```

>   If you choose a ML version, it says `Support for Databricks container services requires runtime version 5.3+` 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Support for Databricks container services requires runtime version 5.3+` 
```

  and the `Confirm` button is disabled.
    * Use your own Docker container
  Input `Docker Image URL` as `your-dockerhub-repo:your-tag`

>     * For the other configurations, you can follow the get-started document.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Follow the Databricks get-started document for other steps.
```

        points
        polygons
    ```
   The sample points and polygons are randomly generated.
   
   Sample polygons: 

   <img src="../../../docs/img/guides/cuspatial/sample-polygon.png" width="600">
   

> 4. Import the Library `spark-cuspatial-22.08.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` to the Databricks, then install it to your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Upload `spark-cuspatial-<version>.jar` on dbfs and then install it in Databricks cluster.
```

   
   <img src="../../../docs/img/guides/cuspatial/install-jar.png" width="600">    

> 5. Import [cuspatial_sample.ipynb](notebooks/cuspatial_sample_db.ipynb) to your workspace in Databricks. Attach to your cluster, then run it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Import [cuspatial_sample.ipynb](notebooks/cuspatial_sample_db.ipynb) to Databricks workspace, attach it to Databricks cluster and run it.
```

> ### CPU Demo Run on AWS Databricks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### CPU Demo on AWS Databricks
```

1. Create a Databricks cluster. For example, Databricks Runtime 10.3.

2. Install the Sedona jars and Sedona Python libs on Databricks using web UI. 
   The Sedona version should be 1.1.1-incubating or higher.
   * Install below jars from Maven Coordinates in Libraries tab:
    ```Bash
    org.apache.sedona:sedona-python-adapter-3.0_2.12:1.2.0-incubating
    org.datasyslab:geotools-wrapper:1.1.0-25.2
    ```
   * To enable python support, install below python lib from PyPI in Libraries tab 
    ```Bash
    apache-sedona
    ```
3. From your cluster configuration (Cluster -> Edit -> Configuration -> Advanced options -> Spark) activate the 
   Sedona functions and the kryo serializer by adding below to the Spark Config
    ```Bash
    spark.sql.extensions org.apache.sedona.viz.sql.SedonaVizExtensions,org.apache.sedona.sql.SedonaSqlExtensions
    spark.serializer org.apache.spark.serializer.KryoSerializer
    spark.kryo.registrator org.apache.sedona.core.serde.SedonaKryoRegistrator
    ```
   

> 4. Upload the sample data files to DBFS, start the cluster, attach the [notebook](notebooks/spacial-cpu-apache-sedona_db.ipynb) to the cluster, and run all cells.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Upload the sample data files to DBFS, start the cluster, attach the [notebook](notebooks/spacial-cpu-apache-sedona_db.ipynb) to the cluster, and run it.
```

        points
        polygons
    ```
   The sample points and polygons are generated by random.
   
   Sample polygons: 

   <img src="../../../docs/img/guides/cuspatial/sample-polygon.png" width="600">
   
4. Import the Library "spark-cuspatial-22.08.0-SNAPSHOT.jar" to the Databricks, then install it to your cluster.
   
   <img src="../../../docs/img/guides/cuspatial/install-jar.png" width="600">    

5. Import [cuspatial_sample.ipynb](notebooks/cuspatial_sample_db.ipynb) to your workspace in Databricks. Attach to your cluster, then run it.

### CPU Demo Run on AWS Databricks

> 1. Set up a Databricks cluster with Databricks Runtime Version: Standard Runtime 10.3,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a Databricks cluster. For example, Databricks Runtime 10.3.
```

> 2. Install the Sedona jars and Sedona Python on Databricks using Databricks default web UI. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Install the Sedona jars and Sedona Python libs on Databricks using web UI. 
```

   The Sedona version should be 1.1.1-incubating or higher.
   * From the Libraries tab install from Maven Coordinates
    ```Bash
    org.apache.sedona:sedona-python-adapter-3.0_2.12:1.2.0-incubating
    org.datasyslab:geotools-wrapper:1.1.0-25.2
    ```

>    * For enabling python support, from the Libraries tab install from PyPI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * To enable python support, install below python lib from PyPI in Libraries tab 
```

    ```Bash
    apache-sedona
    ```
3. From your cluster configuration (Cluster -> Edit -> Configuration -> Advanced options -> Spark) activate the 
   Sedona functions and the kryo serializer by adding to the Spark Config
    ```Bash
    spark.sql.extensions org.apache.sedona.viz.sql.SedonaVizExtensions,org.apache.sedona.sql.SedonaSqlExtensions
    spark.serializer org.apache.spark.serializer.KryoSerializer
    spark.kryo.registrator org.apache.sedona.core.serde.SedonaKryoRegistrator
    ```

> 4. Restart the cluster because the libraries installed via UI are installed after the cluster has already started, 

Author: @viadea yes, updated
